/*
Kun Niu
kun869
11242427
*/

/*
Boru sun, 
bos226, 
11233036
*/

Testing Plan for PartC List

1. We will start by testing create lists
Expectation: In group_test file, creating first list. By checking the return value to check if its been created.
If the return value is list, then create succeed. Otherwise if return value is NULL then create failed. Also in 
terminal it prints out create suceed or failed to create list. If list is been successfully created, continue to
create lists to check if the maximum number of lists we can create is the same as our boundary(5). If out of 
boudnary, program prints out error message as failed to create: the max number of lists you can create is 5, you 
have excced the limit and return.
Output:
    create succeed; or
    failed to create list; or
    failed to create: the max number of lists you can create is 5, you have exceed the limit

2. Then we check if we can insert an item into the empty list
Expecation: In group_test file, insert an item to an empty list. If insert succeed, the program prints out item
X added. Otherwise the program prints out failed to add in an empty list.
Output:
    item X added; or
    failed to add in an empty list;

3. Then test on inserting item into a non-empty list which contains 1 or more items (insert between head and tail)
Expecation: In group_test file, insert an item to an non-empty list between head pointer and tail pointer. If 
insert succed, the program prints out item X is inserted into list and prints out current item, content of 
head pointer and content of tail pointer. Otherwise the program prints out failed to insert item X.
Output:
    item X is inserted into list;
    current item, content of head pointer and content of tail item; or 
    failed to insert item X;

4. Then test on inserting item to head of a list which contains 1 or more items
Expecation: In group_test file, insert an item to an non-empty list at head positon. If insert succeed,
the program prints out item X is inserted into list and prints out item X as head and current. Otherwise the program
prints out failed to insert item X.
Output:
    item X is inserted into list;
    current item, head item is X; or
    fialed to insert item X;

5. Then test on inserting item to tail of a list which contains 1 or more items
Expecation: In group_test file, insert an item to an non-empty list at tail positon. If insert succeed,
the progam prints out item X is inserted into list and prints out item X as tail and current. Otherwise the program
prints out failed to insert item X.
Output:
    item X is inserted into list;
    current item, tail item is X; or
    failed to insert item X;


We do same checking for all other operations.
